Why do you order me
I'm your dad
A few years ago.
When you took me and my mother-in-law out
We cut off relations with women
Now you want to order me
You are so thick-skinned
bastard
Guo Zhenting, you can't marry her
I have no plans not to marry Jiang Xue
Don't you want to marry a woman who can't get on the table?
Let me tell you something.
You are stepping on the ladder
Can't climb our family circle
Zhenting has now promised to marry Jiang Xue
Let me tell you something.
You're still dead
Want to be Mrs. Gu Shao's heart?
You misunderstood.
Gu Zhenting and I have broken up
I'm not interested in him.
Full of lies
If you're not interested
You will make trouble
This is not disruptive.
I stopped Jiang Xue from marrying into her old family
It's to avoid acne going to hell
Crazy
I married my brother Zhenting
How could Doudou fall into hell?
Because you are the devil
You marry like a family
Doudou would rather die than live
Nonsense
Jiang Xue is the biological mother of my grandson
He hurts, it's too late for him
No ma'am
What kind of person is Jiang Xue in your eyes?
Of course it was gentle and kind
Thoughtful
virtuous and kind
Mrs. Gu, you are so wrong
He's a complete devil
Because he abused Doudou